hello friends
this video is sponsored by insurgency
sandstorm alright let's go
greetings I the war I'll greets you and
welcome to insurgency sandstorm this
video is sponsored by focus Home
Interactive they wanted me to tell you
that the game is currently free to try
until April 1st so if you ever wanted to
give this game a chance check out the
link in the description right now I'm
playing on the new map right here if
you're an old player this is power plant
and the 1.6 update they got a map editor
now they got aa new guns new cosmetics
all kinds of stuff leaning oh yes I know
how to lean I've played this game I've
got a few hours in it these are
currently BOTS but I am gonna have to
shoot I wanted to get a little warm-up
before I had to play against
humans because this game is very
hardcore and difficult so the point is
like notice there's not much on the
height I don't have a mini-map I don't
have much going on drag-out it's sort of
a mix between a military simulator game
and a fun game like counter-strike it's
basically taking like hardcore elements
and making it actually fun to play
whoo-hoo don't worry I'm not gonna
completely own once I'm playing against
humans is that an aid I think I'm going
to die oh I lost they also want me to
tell you that the game is going to be on
Xbox one and ps4 on August 25th if you
want to play it on on console I know
you're a PC audience but they wanted me
to tell you that after warming up
against bots I found my FPS legs and
decided to match up against real players
I jumped into a game and immediately
found a group of people working together
to clear objectives the community in
this game is great people work together
and take the gameplay seriously while
also having fun all right my little
squad here is making some serious
progress moving in on the building my
bowels are clear we actually cleared
that building with like military
precision look it we got like five guys
here we're gonna get destroyed I gotta
be careful since I'm bringing up the
rear
I'll just people watch we don't get
flanked all right I think we're going
down
[Music]
I got them I got the flank let's go
let's go let's go
I'm in there the reinforcements oh my
gosh that was sick man that's the fun of
this game is like having a squad of guys
treating it seriously like it's an
actual military exercise and moving in
there that was great man I had a great
time with that I don't see sniper
I lied there with sniper insurgency
sandstorm is the sequel to insurgency
the source mod which I'm sure you've
played before and I've made a bunch of
videos about except sandstorm is made on
the Unreal 4 engine players can pick a
roll and decide on their own lowdown
before heading into battle you get a
certain number of equipment points that
you can spend to customise your loadout
you can get different pieces of gear
based on your roll you can put different
attachments and different sights on your
weapons and yes you can get smokes
flashes and frags for strategic gameplay
I started off using the rifleman role
since it was pretty straightforward but
for my next game I decided to try to be
a demolitions expert because I like to
make things go boom
oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh I am I
am I am okay let's go upstairs let's go
upstairs
right on the site I'm on this side I'm
on the site I'm dad
it's ride my heroic efforts will be
remembered oh there he is now I know
where he is I can sneak in there oh wow
apparently I must have been killing
people with my explosives I have six
kills and I don't remember shooting six
people what I really like about this
game is it doesn't tell you explicitly
when you get a kill
it's and when you die you have no idea
where you died from so you're kind of in
the dark on that it's like it's super
hardcore and realistic is this gonna
blow me up when I shoot I'll change my
vote just for you buddy oh wow look at
that everybody's banding together
awesome guy we gave the man his wish and
played power plant domination it was the
most chaotic experience I've had yet an
insurgency alright this is oh my gosh
what the hell are we doing worst we are
stupid people aren't we I got that first
hollandaise please please please please
insurgency sandstorm has competitive
matchmaking as well but I wasn't brave
enough to venture in there this time
thanks again to the insurgency guys for
the sponsorship check out the link of
the description you can play the game
for free until April 1st I look forward
to seeing you guys out there and that's
no April Fool's Day joke oh crap I have
to make an April Fool's Day joke on the
war'll and I still have no closer